---
title: 'Mull 2024'
date: '2024-04-26T07:33:34+00:00'
author: M0VFC
layout: page
nav_order: 998
---

# Mull 2024

Nine years after our last visit to Mull, in the Inner Hebridies, we're returning to IO76 square in 2024.

Just across the bay from our previous QTH of the Old Ferry House, this year we are operating from Gorsten House on the East coast of Mull as our main station, with potential additional operation from Auchnacraig Lodge as some individuals' callsigns.

{: .highlight }
Check the [online log]({% link online-logbooks.md %}). All QSOs will be also uploaded to Logbook of the World throughout the trip.

## Dates

An advance party of G0DDX, G0TPX, G1SAA, G4ERO and M1ACB departed Cambridge on Thursday 25th April 2024, arriving at Auchnacraig Lodge on Friday 26th. They're followed a day later by G3VFC, G3ZAY, M0BLF, M0IDA, M0LCM, M0VFC, M0WUT and M1GEO who are due to arrive at Gorsten on Saturday 27th.

GS3PYE should be on air from early evening Saturday 27th April until the evening of Friday 3rd May.

## Stations

As in 2023, we'll be concentrating on HF with five stations each equipped with linear amplifiers, as well as using the narrow-band transponder on the geostationary QO-100 satellite.

Weather permitting, we're also hoping to activate some SOTA summits on the island (most likely as GM4ERO, MM0BLF, MM0VFC and MM0WUT) - keep an eye on SotaWatch for alerts of this activity. 

Here’s a sample of our equipment:

- **HF**
    - Elecraft K3 transceivers
    - Icom IC-7610 transceiver
    - Elecraft KPA-500 and Juma PA-1000 amplifiers
    - 5B4AGN transmitting band-pass filters
    - Hexbeam for 20m – 10m
    - A3S tri-band 10/15/20m yagis 
    - 1/4 verticals and horizontal dipoles on 80, 40, 30, and 20m
    - Vertical dipoles on 17 and 15m
- **QO-100**
    - Pluto+ SDR
    - 7W PA
    - 80cm dish

## Location Details

- IOTA: EU-008 (Isle of Mull, Inner Hebrides)
- Locator: IO76ek
- WAB: NM73

## Operators

- Geoff G0DDX
- Linda G0TPX
- Bob G1SAA
- Terry G3VFC
- Martin G3ZAY
- Colin G4ERO
- Dom M0BLF
- John M0IDA
- Lawrence M0LCM
- Rob M0VFC
- Dan M0WUT
- Steve M1ACB
- George M1GEO

## QSL cards

- All QSOs will be uploaded to Club Log and LotW regularly
- If you require a paper card from us, use Club Log OQRS only:  
    https://clublog.org/logsearch/GS3PYE
